README.md, before:

# LibFire (CommonLibSSE Plugin)

Papyrus extensions by fireundubh

## Actor Functions

```papyrus
; Returns whether `akActor` has any keyword in `akKeywords`
Bool Function ActorHasAnyKeyword(Actor akActor, FormList akKeywords) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is commanded by `akOtherActor`
Bool Function ActorIsCommandedBy(Actor akActor, Actor akOtherActor) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is commanded by the player
Bool Function ActorIsCommandedByPlayer(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a teammate or player-controlled commanded/summoned actor
Bool Function ActorIsFollower(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a member of any faction in `akFactions` with a rank greater than -1
Bool Function ActorIsInAnyFaction(Actor akActor, FormList akFactions) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a member of `akFaction` with a rank greater than -1
Bool Function ActorIsInFaction(Actor akActor, Faction akFaction) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a summoned actor
Bool Function ActorIsSummoned(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns an array of commanded actors for `akActor` or `None`
Actor[] Function GetCommandedActors(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns the commanding actor for `akActor` when actor is commanded
Actor Function GetCommandingActor(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns the ammo currently equipped by `akActor`
Ammo Function GetEquippedAmmo(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns armor items equipped in each slot in `argArmorSlots` (can be empty), and each weapon equipped in either hand
; when `abLeftWeapon` or `abRightWeapon` are True (Note: Return values are in array order and can be None)
Form[] Function GetWornEquipmentInSlots(Actor akActor, Int[] argArmorSlots, Bool abWeaponL, Bool abWeaponR) Global Native
```

## Faction Functions

```papyrus
; Sets `akFaction` as ally or friend to each faction in `akFactions`
Function SetAllies(Faction akFaction, FormList akFactions, Bool abSelfIsFriendToOther = False, Bool abOtherIsFriendToSelf = False) Global Native

; Sets `akFaction` as enemy or neutral to each faction in `akFactions`
Function SetEnemies(Faction akFaction, FormList akFactions, Bool abSelfIsNeutralToOther = False, Bool abOtherIsNeutralToSelf = False) Global Native
```

## FormList Functions

```papyrus
; Returns whether `akHaystack` contains each form in `argNeedles`
Bool[] Function SearchListForForms(FormList akHaystack, Form[] argNeedles) Global Native

; Returns whether each formlist in `akHaystack` contains `akNeedle`
Bool[] Function SearchListsForForm(FormList akHaystack, Form akNeedle) Global Native
```

## ObjectReference Functions

```papyrus
; Returns actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin`
Actor[] Function FindNearbyActors(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns commanded actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin` who are controlled by `akOrigin`
Actor[] Function FindNearbyCommandedActors(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns teammates and player-controlled commanded/summoned actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of player
Actor[] Function FindNearbyFollowers(Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns summoned actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin`
Actor[] Function FindNearbySummons(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns teammates in loaded cells within `afRadius` of player
Actor[] Function FindNearbyTeammates(Float afRadius) Global Native
```

## String Functions

```papyrus
; Returns whether `asText` contains `asSubText` case-sensitively
Bool Function ContainsStr(String asText, String asSubText) Global Native

; Returns whether `asText` contains `asSubText` case-insensitively
Bool Function ContainsText(String asText, String asSubText) Global Native

; Returns the hexadecimal string representation of `aiSource`
String Function IntToHex(Int aiSource) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` as array of String split by `asDelimiter`
String[] Function SplitString(String asSource, String asDelimiter) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` as array of Float split by `asDelimiter`
Float[] Function StrToFloatArray(String asSource, String asDelimiter) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` as array of Int split by `asDelimiter`
Int[] Function StrToIntArray(String asSource, String asDelimiter) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` wrapped to column `aiMaxLength` with lines delimited by newline character
String Function WrapString(String asSource, Int aiMaxLength) Global Native
```

## Time Functions

```papyrus
; Returns hours passed since current day began
Float Function GetCurrentHourOfDay() Global Native
```

Commit message:

New function: FindNearbyBooks New function: TryAffixDisplayName

README.md, after:

# LibFire (CommonLibSSE Plugin)

Papyrus extensions by fireundubh

## Actor Functions

```papyrus
; Returns whether `akActor` has any keyword in `akKeywords`
Bool Function ActorHasAnyKeyword(Actor akActor, FormList akKeywords) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is commanded by `akOtherActor`
Bool Function ActorIsCommandedBy(Actor akActor, Actor akOtherActor) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is commanded by the player
Bool Function ActorIsCommandedByPlayer(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a teammate or player-controlled commanded/summoned actor
Bool Function ActorIsFollower(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a member of any faction in `akFactions` with a rank greater than -1
Bool Function ActorIsInAnyFaction(Actor akActor, FormList akFactions) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a member of `akFaction` with a rank greater than -1
Bool Function ActorIsInFaction(Actor akActor, Faction akFaction) Global Native

; Returns whether `akActor` is a summoned actor
Bool Function ActorIsSummoned(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns an array of commanded actors for `akActor` or `None`
Actor[] Function GetCommandedActors(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns the commanding actor for `akActor` when actor is commanded
Actor Function GetCommandingActor(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns the ammo currently equipped by `akActor`
Ammo Function GetEquippedAmmo(Actor akActor) Global Native

; Returns armor items equipped in each slot in `argArmorSlots` (can be empty), and each weapon equipped in either hand
; when `abLeftWeapon` or `abRightWeapon` are True (Note: Return values are in array order and can be None)
Form[] Function GetWornEquipmentInSlots(Actor akActor, Int[] argArmorSlots, Bool abWeaponL, Bool abWeaponR) Global Native
```

## Faction Functions

```papyrus
; Sets `akFaction` as ally or friend to each faction in `akFactions`
Function SetAllies(Faction akFaction, FormList akFactions, Bool abSelfIsFriendToOther = False, Bool abOtherIsFriendToSelf = False) Global Native

; Sets `akFaction` as enemy or neutral to each faction in `akFactions`
Function SetEnemies(Faction akFaction, FormList akFactions, Bool abSelfIsNeutralToOther = False, Bool abOtherIsNeutralToSelf = False) Global Native
```

## FormList Functions

```papyrus
; Returns whether `akHaystack` contains each form in `argNeedles`
Bool[] Function SearchListForForms(FormList akHaystack, Form[] argNeedles) Global Native

; Returns whether each formlist in `akHaystack` contains `akNeedle`
Bool[] Function SearchListsForForm(FormList akHaystack, Form akNeedle) Global Native
```

## ObjectReference Functions

```papyrus
; Returns actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin`
Actor[] Function FindNearbyActors(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns books in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin`
ObjectReference[] Function FindNearbyBooks(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns commanded actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin` who are controlled by `akOrigin`
Actor[] Function FindNearbyCommandedActors(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns teammates and player-controlled commanded/summoned actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of player
Actor[] Function FindNearbyFollowers(Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns summoned actors in loaded cells within `afRadius` of `akOrigin`
Actor[] Function FindNearbySummons(ObjectReference akOrigin, Float afRadius) Global Native

; Returns teammates in loaded cells within `afRadius` of player
Actor[] Function FindNearbyTeammates(Float afRadius) Global Native

; Attempts to affix full name of `akMessage` to display name for `akRef`, and returns whether operation was successful
;   If `abPrepend` is True, the message name will be prepended. If False, the name will be appended.
;   If `abForce` is True, display names set by quest aliases will be overridden.
Bool Function TryAffixDisplayName(ObjectReference akRef, Message akMessage, Bool abPrepend, Bool abForce) Global Native
```

## String Functions

```papyrus
; Returns whether `asText` contains `asSubText` case-sensitively
Bool Function ContainsStr(String asText, String asSubText) Global Native

; Returns whether `asText` contains `asSubText` case-insensitively
Bool Function ContainsText(String asText, String asSubText) Global Native

; Returns the hexadecimal string representation of `aiSource`
String Function IntToHex(Int aiSource) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` as array of String split by `asDelimiter`
String[] Function SplitString(String asSource, String asDelimiter) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` as array of Float split by `asDelimiter`
Float[] Function StrToFloatArray(String asSource, String asDelimiter) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` as array of Int split by `asDelimiter`
Int[] Function StrToIntArray(String asSource, String asDelimiter) Global Native

; Returns `asSource` wrapped to column `aiMaxLength` with lines delimited by newline character
String Function WrapString(String asSource, Int aiMaxLength) Global Native
```

## Time Functions

```papyrus
; Returns hours passed since current day began
Float Function GetCurrentHourOfDay() Global Native
```
